This is a head-gum original.
Music
another end to another monumental yearning another end to beautiful
beginning to have it be this way on a podcast orally lay
Zai December 31 2021 recording this weeks in advance so who knows what will happen
and in our individual lives until the end of the year but for the listeners
years the years over. Please welcome to the show. We've been felled on the
sacks break around in the facts and George Soba bringing up the rear. Let's hear
from you guys. Here what? What do you like about like a roll call. George.
Very bad. George. That's funny but now there's a certain gravity to the
end of the year. You know it's a it's a moment of reflection it's a moment of
projection and it's a moment of resolution and it's a moment of new beginnings.
Earth's Renaissance personal spiritual revelations. The like major killer or
no that's just that's off the dome that's straight from the heart but this is
part two of our sort of holiday special that we're recording on December 14th.
We have a lot to get to but yeah I mean you guys are barely giving me anything
already. I'm trying to stay positive. To be entire time. My my personal job today
is to stay as positive as possible through all of this. The past couple weeks have
seen me being herangued by a mere Billy Brick Johnny et cetera for 15-minute
periods where I don't get a word in edge wise and I'm just kind of truly the
center of a diet tribe. And now I think it's time for me to stay positive.
Well I think the catch train to you find yourself in like two saying oh we're not
giving you anything is like you're being kind of agreeable right now you haven't
said anything incorrect and so much of the construct of this show is you being
wrong and then you being yelled at. Like that's the engine it's either that
where you're playing a power point that we have to comment on even those what
you joke is pre-written. That's true. Your tone is nice but what you're saying isn't
good. So like you're almost like hypnotizing the audience and to think that
you're a good guy. Like you're sing-songing melody but like if people stopped
and read a transcript of what you're saying they'd realize it was nothing. Like a
snake oil salesman. Yes exactly. And you're using like nice music that's
recognizable to make people feel warm and soft on the inside but again if they ever
stopped to like listen to the meaning of what you're saying it realized that you
are a nasty bad man. I get that. It has a spin I'm going to be like no
I'm gonna go right now. No the positive spin I'm going to put on that is that it's still
that's a good note and it's constructive feedback that I'm going to use going into
this new year. This show might look entirely different by this time next year.
Maybe it's all positive maybe it's all constructive maybe it's all border line
performance art. In that it points out both the positive and negative aspects of humanity
itself. So far it's only been negativity because you guys again the note that I always get
is that I'm you know about hosts that the games are hard to play within that they're it's
not really spreading positivity. It's spreading poison in a way. I know that was going
to be the word. And I want it to be less sour starting with this episode. Great. I think
that's admirable. Thank you. I am admirable. Yeah, no I said but yeah I guess what changes
do you feel like need to be made in order to for all of us to spread more positivity on this?
I think it starts in ends with um you were almost saying me which is almost dead.
It's not short at actual introspection. Grace and who? It starts in ends with grace and who
edits these video episodes. No way. Because you can be making I think that there's ways that
you can frame some of the things that happen and make it seem like more of a positive or interaction
because we don't actually all hate each other. You know sometimes there's just we're adding
each other's throats and I think that that could be edited in a way like keeping up with the
Kardashians it's like it's reality TV but it's also like they play it up for the camera and
the editor is sort of the final um you edit the audio. You make starts in ends with the same I guess
but I don't like that responsibility. Yeah that's clear. Yeah. What have you guys
what have you guys learned about yourself this past year I know I asked that I don't think
that's what you said and you did ask that last week and then I said are you sure you have
enough segments because we're recording back to back and you said yeah don't worry about it.
I got this figured out I wrote new segments it won't sound like a retread of the last episode
first segment what have you guys learned in the past year. Instantly right off the bat
same word for word segment that you had that we already answered the question too.
By the way when we could did I answer that question you sort of ignored her you picked up your
phone and then you cut to commercial break.
That's so true. Is that Steve? Okay right but this one is more specific within the context of
this show. So George I think you've been on three times this year or twice. I think this will be my third
time depending if you count the live show. I do. Okay. Maria has been on countless times
I think it could be good to see how this show has affected your guys' lives positively or negatively.
Let's start with George. How is the headgum podcast affected your life?
Yeah so I guess every time I'm on I get a few more like Instagram and Twitter followers.
That's nice. That's yeah. Let's go.
I guess that's sort of the big one.
I get sort of like I get to practice media literacy.
Yeah so like if you were to come out with a project you'd be able to go on a podcast and like you would
be used to it. Oh I guess I was thinking like sometimes being recorded makes me have to sort of look
in the mirror with any sort of cultural reference I make or anything I say. So I have to be a little
bit more like polished or make sure I say things either correctly or importantly at the very least.
Mm-hmm. It's good. It's good to get wraps it. Yeah Maria, how is this show affected you?
In the past year. I a lot. I feel like I had to be on a stage which I don't like to be
um and I feel like uh I think the same thing with George said like having to be aware of what I'm
saying at all times like uh pay more attention to how I speak on a microphone which I'm not used to doing
as men. A good lesson. Um yeah but it's been fun. It's it's been like a good way to
talk doll on my co-workers and people I don't see that often which is always nice.
So I appreciate that part of it. I'm here. Yeah it's been awesome to talk to people that I wouldn't
necessarily get to like Dane, Marika, George, Johnny, Jake to some extent. Um it's awesome to see
like Angie and Sam beyond an episode. All the guests I think have carried um the show the years.
Yeah. It's been cool that we're still you know going strong despite.
The media landscape working against your best effort. Yeah.
Well you know what we I'm we did the audit earlier this year
I thought the show really grew from that um I think we found a groove but I guess
it does feel like it's ending the years ending on a note of the wheels falling off the
wagon right before we get to California. Are you revealing that this is the last episode?
This is the last episode that I accept defeat.
And going for every episode will be the best it's ever been. I think that uh
yeah do you have any like resolutions for the show as a host?
That could be your resolutions if you guys want to hear them for the show. Yeah. Okay yeah.
I want to do more creative things because sometimes the week just creeps up on me and then it's Friday
and then I'm like I have nothing and I I want to do right by the listener more than the
yeah that shows that tracks. Yeah um yeah and I have an idea for a mini series that I want to do
four episodes of and it's it's more I'm not I don't want to give anything away. I want to just
be a surprise drop. Great. Yeah so I want to plan that for probably April because
so far. Well the mini series that'll take you three months to plan it. The idea that I have
is very high production value and also I can't do it unless I'm in LA.
So maybe March but probably April. George do you know when Jeff's coming back he's your roommate
so I assume he's kept you in the loop? Well so it's funny you said yes I know he's coming back
and a February but there are things that he has not kept us in the loop about where we did have
he did subletters room which is fine because like it's not very invasive based on the landscape
of our house but he's like hey I've got a friend says their name it's a name I've never heard him say
before and he's like they're staying from 12th three to 12th nine and I'm like Jeffrey today is 12th
yeah so six days of a stranger in your house to you. Right and then on 12th nine Jeffrey was
like hey the guest is leaving today you should have sex in my bedroom this was something
Jeffrey actively encouraged me to try to do I said no thank you and then the guest ended up staying
three more days so in spite of God you didn't take up up on the offer I know you wanted to
he's so enticing offer yeah so then the friend stayed another three days but this is not the
friend that's doing the housing swap that's living with you now for three months no this was a full
extra person yeah she was a friend of a friend yeah that's not true and she didn't tell
me she was staying in extra three days you ever see her George I know she's like in a downstairs room
with a separate entrance I never met her and I would only hear like the sounds of like the
gate opening and like walking around like I knew she was around but also we we live in an area with
a lot of critters those are because we've got like we've like a skunk and a possum and the cats
straight cats yeah there was a family of like raccoons but then they were like killed by a
bigger raccoon she slaughtered with their intestines all over our front deck yeah yeah all the
roommate had their call LA sanitation to remove like the raccoon carcasses cheese yeah yeah it was pretty
gruesome too like to come home and just see that and I didn't even know that there were raccoons
living under that table until what they were dead in front of us yeah to Jeffery's point earlier
about how like uh the end of the year is really introspective it sort of makes you look in the mirror
about your own mortality now everything we have is sort of fragile and yeah we will be that raccoon
yeah exactly and does Jeff get paid for the sublet like how does that work if is there a
chance he's being in a profit off of these strangers staying with him because like it's a
little unclear about how it works into the greater rent situation the monetary stuff is sort of
a great area especially when it comes down to utilities but we actually be looking at down face
to face because of how in the day on uninvasive it is yeah like overall it's fine but like it
might get to the point where it might be a little weird because like what if Jeff ends up making
a lot of money does that go into like the overall rent does that like because you're the one who's
sort of sacrificing your privacy yeah yeah like I definitely incur the burden but then it's one of
those things where you have conflicts with your roommate and you're like oh like which ones do you
like make it any louder okay make it louder to drown up the standard all right it's sort of
we and it's not like your conversation that he ever had before like he's sort of through the room
it in and he figured you guys will be polite enough not to make a big stink out of it exactly and
it's like tested us and we did ultimately lose that battle and I unfortunately believe we've set
a precedent for him to do it now he considers you guys pushovers and he can sort of do this
swap whenever he wants to willard-nilard Fred willard-nilard if you got if you got she gave me $200
if you ingest and want the two of us here we go she gave me $200 the truth comes for him
is a normal sublet and they were just giving me whatever I asked for like everybody they were
paying my rent or not would you guys like would you take a cut well it's here but yeah the fact that
it's a housing swap other than her it's clean there's no money exchanged so uh but if I was
in a straight sublet I probably would have charged extra and then given you guys the extra money
for the yeah I think well if we're talking the like the the swap part of it uh no I think it's
if anything it would be like imposed how invasive they are like how in not in the next month we will
have two different swap people yeah and then the final month it is another complete stranger we know
the middle month person but the stranger if they're like an agent of chaos or what have you then I give
you a kickback yeah yeah yeah which would be my own personal money because no one's paying me
what if I think you could retroactively ask for it if we gave enough complaints right
or you go to the paper on it no of course what if she tries to invoke squatters rights
are you concerned about that uh I don't know I think I'm good at dulling out threats like I could
I like to insinuate that I have like friends and high places that can do horrible things digitally
you know what like what like it's somewhat due digitally to this person I can't anonymous believe
well first of all I have a spokio premium account so I can find some information on her and then
insinuate that I have more when that's actually all I have so like I find out her previous address
and I say I'm like hey you can't invoke squatters rights this is my house you have to go she's like
I'm invoking them and then I'm like okay well then maybe I'll go do that at you know XYZ South
Metropolitan Avenue and then she's like how did you know my old address and I'm like I know a lot of
things about you and I can use those things against you because I have a friend not only in the
LA DA's office but also in the CI fucking hay let's a spokio premium account that's just like
you can look up people's information CI by the way I'm at the culinary institute what did initially
drew you to get a spokio premium to figure out where celebrities lived so I call them where I
thought it was very obvious to me I was hoping there'd be like a darker reason not that that's
particularly jovial
thank you to hello fresh for sponsoring this episode of our show with hello fresh you get
farm fresh pre portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep
skip trips to the grocery store and count on hello fresh to make home cooking easy fun and affordable
that's why they're America's number one meal kid guys the new year is a great time to focus on
what's important to you whether it's saving money by ordering less take out learning to cook or
prioritizing your wellness hello fresh is here to help with endless options to make cooking at home
simple and enjoyable hello fresh also offers the flexibility you need to easily customize your order
online or in the app easily change your delivery day food preferences plan size or skip a meal
or a week whenever you need to I have used hello fresh I've also used the other meal delivery
services that people have touted on podcasts and I have to say hello fresh is miles better I mean
the recipes are easier to make they actually take the amount of time that they tell you it's going to
and the food just tastes better it just tastes fresher I don't know how they do it if they use
stuff but it's the best that's why they're America's number one home meal kid I don't
know how to say so go to hello fresh dot com slash what's that 16 and use code what's that 16
for up to 16 free meals and three gifts that's an amazing offer we get a lot of podcast sponsors
nobody offers over two weeks of meals so again hello fresh dot com slash what's that 16 code what's
that 16 for up to 16 free meals and three free gifts hello fresh America's number one meal
kid thank you to diet smoke for sponsoring this episode of our show guys sometimes cannabis
edibles get you way too high right can be difficult to control the dose it outright you just sit
there suffering stone out of your mind but that's why when you need the perfect medium high I
had up my friends at diet smoke for their delicious delta eight THC gummies diet smoke isn't
light it's just right now what is delta eight delta eight is simply a less potent THC the THC
that you're probably most familiar with is delta nine and while both are natural to the cannabis
plant diet smoke extracts their delta age from hemp some may call this a loophole I call it the secret
recipe to getting a smooth stable and most importantly legal high diet smoke is legal in most
states and it's non-prescription just check diet smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious
gummies to your state now you're probably asking yourself does diet smoke really get you high of course
the how you get with diet smoke is best described as somewhere between the chillness of CBD and that
classic stone feeling with regular weed plus diet smoke comes in two delicious flavors blue raspberry
and watermelon I love anything flavored blue raspberry but marica likes watermelon I say try
so when CBD isn't enough and traditional THC is too much enjoy the smooth buzz of diet smoke each
gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of delta eight THC derived from american grown hemp delta eight
gummies are low in sugar fat free and delicious and did I mention their legal they wouldn't be
advertising with us if they weren't legal man so go to diet smoke.com and use promo code what's that
to get 20% off your order that's WHAT-S-T-H-A-T diet smokes.com again promo code what's that for
20% off diet smoke Delta THC gummies are not for use or sale to anyone under the age of 21 please
use responsibly thanks diet smoke. Welcome back with the end of the year again like I said comes
reflection and I'd like to talk about some of our biggest regrets from the year let's start with
the mirror because you probably have the most regret I feel like I should have there's a lot
of stuff building on the outside of my house that I'm like oh I can use this pandemic to organize
or fix like my front gate is kind of fucked up and I keep sort of pushing it off and pushing it off
to be like make a home renovation weak happen and it should probably have already happened because
I've had what at this point 19 months of just being at home doing nothing but at a certain point
you just get used to how it is and you're like what's the point like there's no need to actually
pay money to fix this thing I'll just ignore the problem until that becomes status quo and then
I'm suddenly not even thinking about it at all but yeah there's probably a bunch of spring cleaning
slash home Renault stuff that I should have taken care of in the last two years at this point
what are some of your biggest regrets for you most recently I regret not signing up for
to get master fan verification for the Olivier Rodrigo sour tour that's what we should call this
tour if we do it next year the sour tour yeah we can do it we'll do a poster that looks like
the sour album coverage just you with stickers all over yeah or like a play on the band poison
by poison tour yeah those stickers are like thousand dollars and I would just stupid
I don't know I mean I regret I regret sitting on my couch so much that my back got bad
I feel like that's a god 2020 I feel like I'm the only thing I could have been
I don't know it's kind of it Burton Oh, why is there no it's been a decent year otherwise
George biggest regret from the year I regret buying dodge coin and safe moon
safe moon Mike swing back at one point I had $6,000 in safe moon and now that same amount is worth
800 so you yeah not until I sell also that's still a profit because I didn't put like 500 in
I think I put 100 in I meant I haven't checked in a minute but I believe I put 100 in
and it turned to 40 oh it's sorry it's 30 98 now who told you to buy was that a Jeff thing
is a Jeff thing yeah but I wasn't trying to make it about him because of his whole thing
about positivity but yeah Jeffrey told me to buy both dodge coin and safe moon and I've been
pretty positive this 20 minutes yeah no you you absolutely have you I thought you were projecting
about the rest of us you've never not been positive about yourself
dodge pro I'm pro I see's it's happening I'm thinking too hard
yeah that's fair how's your dodge coin did you sell you're proud was you waited way too late
yeah because I was hesitant and then you were like oh it's gonna spike it's gonna hit a dollar
on either a for 20 or b when Elon Musk hosts us an out it did hit 70 cents on on the
SNL and I should have sold right then because I would have made way more money so I sold it like
40 cents I think I broke even or I got I made like 12 dollars and had a little bit of fun
yeah I mean I rode the wave and I learned about the stock market
stock market through buying and selling does shit coin
well you do kind of learn about it like someone who didn't really know anything about that like
about how like it is it in like a vacuum of like how rapidly things fluctuate yeah now I'm
all in on a theory and but I don't I'd obviously don't own a full one I own a fraction of one
and it's just kind of slowly climbing I bought it I bought a game stop stock but too late so I have
lost money yeah obviously yeah did you use Robinhood no fan guard this is how we're ending the year
I'm just interested joining on with that investment in the way you say things
or your biggest threats Jeffrey I really didn't have any this year I did I went for it this year
in every regard yeah I guess so you moved to New York temporarily it's a big change do you
regret getting COVID you got my one regret is going to the cheesecake factory August one sort of
cases were off the hook it wasn't surging at that time I was like part of the beginning of that
small wave but I don't know I'm kind of bulletproof now because I'm triple-vaxed I have the natural
antibodies for a couple more weeks probably I'm golden grams I'm golden grams I'm golden globes
Resolutions did you feel that the pause was uncomfortable but then I resolved it with a
resolution do you ever play music for that long on this podcast if it weren't like royalty free
or public domain like you ever try to push those limits oh you mean like this we might get away
with that this time we might if not all edited out and re-upload here's the way we need to talk about
that's everybody everybody was getting to and every time he is to say we have to hear the black
I'd piece over add money on YouTube you guys have a thing about the black I'd piece our hip hop
like I'm like their their own genre yeah I kind of like imagine drag it's like it's own genre
it's hip hop which sounds like hip hop but it's actually hip hop yeah the suck resolutions
what do you guys want to change about yourselves in the next year I want to take a vacation
sounds good thank you that's a good goal yeah I feel like I want to go more at it
in U.S. or at a broad I'm I'm trying to go to France South of France for Le Mans
as I've recently mentioned so that's that's what I'm currently planning in June also
many people with friends with one friend that also wants to go to this race so we're just going
to camp in France for five days Blamp actually after reserve or 10 what's the time of year
or that be June summer oh that's good yeah we're part of France
definitely going to go to Paris but then the race itself is in Le Mans so Jeff was wrong he's answered
caught it was really quick but I wanted to point that that Jeff said knees yeah yeah I just don't
want anybody to be like oh Jeff was right because he said something confidently I couldn't
quite make out what it was yeah that's not the case let's do this because you guys aren't oh sorry
yeah because she was answering your question yeah it was and
no yeah I think it would be fun I'm scared of traveling outside the country I don't do it that often
the only time I've been outside the country it was too England so it would be fun to go somewhere else
re-learning French is like are you scared of at literally traveling like coming on a flight or you
just afraid of the experience of being in a foreign land where people don't speak English every thing
I mean I feel like it the jet of an all plus foreign land plus flying
literally just the same the same soil it's the same earth's crust what do you say I cannot hear so
bad
you're not good you're like yeah you're a disease that one is tough to spin positive
unequivocally I'm bad yeah good feet back
let's get the fucking energy that was great resolution that's your resolution that's great let me do this let's
do resolution or nah let's go out with a bang and it's way too similar to everything we've done this year
it's because I did not time hmm focus on a passion not the way you look resolution or
nah yeah that's a resolution no I think do you guys want to bring that into the fold of your
resolutions oh I want to take a furniture making I want to take a furniture making class
yeah I'd like to get back into hobbies that I used to do I want to do ceramics again
offline hobbies specifically it's good to give your brain and eyes a break feel like we're looking at
screens all the time yeah do you guys look at your phone while watching TV it's like yeah
what's your what's your screen time on your oh my god hours and hours I don't even
I'm afraid to even look I watch like full sporting events on there it's it's not a good thing
I'm average I'm basically attached yeah I'm average like eight hours a day of on my phone
all right it's like more looking at your phone than not yeah it's bad let me check mine
like I'm already watching a sporting event and I'm checking other sporting events on my phone
I'm just like constantly doing two things that aren't good for me at the same time
my daily average at least for this week is four hours and eight minutes
yeah like imagine getting that down to one hour which would have been a lot like ten years ago
like feels unattainably low my daily average for this week I sorry I changed it from day to week
uh 10 hours and six minutes I don't know if I've hit double digits yet but I mean like
we just constantly on like yeah yeah but I like do things I like go to movies and put my phone away
like go to the theater but it's the only that's the only time where I have my phone not in my hand
yeah it's an hour and a half oh my god wow that's part of why I'm really bad at texting
people back yeah my messages are most used seven hours 40 minutes if you're in like group chats
it's just like a rope like a constant rolling room and if you're in like five of them you wake
up and there's like 190 messages yeah workout to feel good not to be thin
um resolution yeah I'm going to go no all right why you want to be thinner
you made it up and you're saying it's not um no I want to be I want to be a wace
a wake wow a wace jiffy says a wake weird
what time did you wave up today um wave up this one I know Georgia's answer but stop gossiping
now I want to gossip all the time I think it's awesome this is important yeah gossip is real
coolism and journalism's necessary in a way I'm speaking truth to power when I say my neighbor
was caught jerking off on his balcony last night. Georgia's direct neighbor
has a balcony but it's a cat balcony. I'm like truly you're never going to be able to see it
never mind that was so ambitious for me to try it. No no try you got to show it all right
remember this is being recorded so don't show anything you don't want me like fully hold up a camera
to their house yeah yeah the patio yeah a cat patio yeah go a whole day without checking your email
I'm gonna not it's like it's impossible yeah I mean maybe it's like a Sunday during holidays and
there's nothing super pressing you could probably pull that off. No let's do Monday morning
yeah no. Oh I want all I want is like I phones to have a setting where
for a certain period of time during a day you don't see notifications for a specific app and they're
like so close to having that because I want that for my email I want to like turn my email
only off for like end of day stuff but I can't and therefore I look at it every 20 minutes. Nice
just speak in my true. Do you want answers to this question that you set us up for
because it looks like you're bored every time we actually trend towards giving you what you want.
I mean it's supposed to be a vehicle for like jokes and you guys aren't like you're just answering
them straight. Yeah that's sort of what I remarked on at the very beginning was you wanted positivity
where is like I don't know you want this show to us be berating you and commenting on that
what's bad. Right you can't have it both ways. What about keep a journal?
Can we do that in the new year? Yeah you can it's probably a pretty good idea. Yeah resolution or
not resolution can we play one of the games where you've been by us real money. George you still
only $400 or $200. But that's the gamble that I take isn't it. No I've stopped doing that because
I can't I can't I don't want to get taxed on it and be sometimes people don't send them
money back and I can't do that. Maybe it'll be a special occasion thing. What about sanitize your
personal belongings? Is the New Year's episode not a special occasion?
It could have been if I'd prepared more. And I want to be clear that I texted Jeff a week ago
about batch recording these and was like should we do a holiday special and he was like yeah I
want to do that. Yeah and this is what it is.
Jeff, you have to be on this truly five minutes before recording the game. And that's often
how it goes for most people I think. It's gonna it's gonna be better. That's a resolution for the
New Year a recording schedule. We have a recording schedule and it is like Fridays at four
Eastern one campus of it. They're just like you know having people sign up again.
Yeah it's just this this shows crazy because it's like it's the staff of the network they have
real jobs and so getting people can sometimes be tough and people will sign up and then I'll
follow up on the day or the day before and they're like oh actually I can't do it and then I have
to still get someone last minute. So the calendar thing didn't super work that well anyways but
we can try doing it again. What is this? You guys are stone faced and stone walling me.
Don't face as you talk about the calendar scheduling for this recording.
Obviously that's a very dry one I was just talking about that I the fact that I've chronic pain
and to you are mad about this specifically. What about removing negativity from your life or
anything that makes you feel kind of lousy? No impossible next. What about the traveling somewhere
without a plan? No. All right. What about paying off your credit card every month and then if you
want to put something on it that you know you can't afford don't. I do that already.
Uh what about doing something that scares you once a month? Why? What about going to bed happy every day?
Sure that's nice but like what are you doing to what steps can you take to make that last?
My smile. So regardless of how much of joy 2021. I'm like three times an hour.
What about changing your name to Yates? What about that man? What about it? What about diving first into
something that you don't know if it's going to work out? Diving first or diving head first.
What about fucking junk looking before you leap? That's the same. The opposite of the
thing you said. They're nearly negating one of them. So you should say yes to that one I guess I was
just trying to get a yes out of some of you. We gave you yeses before and then you said this isn't fun.
You don't hear the game midway. I don't like that actual resolution. I feel bad. It's hard to
keep the positivity up. It's not about positivity. It's not about positivity. Okay. What about staying
positive? You said you definitely said I'm okay. What are you telling me? I'm telling you
towards the finish line of this year. This is the episode that deserves to happen at the end of
it all. George, what about your pop-ups? Is there anything you want to do with those?
Yeah, I'd like them to be more regular. I want some kind of pop-ups are you doing?
The restaurant pop-up that I do with our friends Sarah, it's called Virginia Moss.
We also do private events. What do you make of what's where are these places?
We have different venues around but we are in talks with a brewery space to just set up there
and pop up pretty regularly. We do up to go Southern. Which one? Mumford?
Yeah. Mumford's kind of fire. What kind of Southern food?
So like, it's you fay or like, we do like oysters or like, we'll do like fragmented tomatoes
like that kind of stuff but sort of dressed up. Yes.
Well, you, Jeff, you look like you were laughing at something earlier. I wasn't.
I was just scratching my chin. I actually, my, in a very sincere plug, my dad was on the
today show talking about rice. Last week. Everybody. Yeah, I'll send it. It's very cute.
Because our cousin grows rice in South Carolina and like Carolina Gold Race.
And so they're talking about that process and then my dad was on like cooking hop and John and
stuff. And the interviewer is like, they tell me you're a famous chef and he's like,
oh, really? It's very funny. Oh, there it is. How South Carolina rice could help you lift
200. That's my cousin. This is like five minutes long. So we don't have to watch it. You can
scroll to the middle if you want to. Right, seven days a week. Oh, my dad. Wow.
Conditions. He's been cooking since he's been 10. I need that shirt. Right. Right. This way.
Yeah, this way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For the years, he's fed some of the
grapes on the waters. Need us alone. Oh my god. His mouth is filled with rice there.
Radably famous is a chef. Oh, yeah.
It's so good. It's so fun. That's the moment I wanted to see. Wow.
Up, go, up, aside. Oh, my god.
You appreciate anybody that's going to be the worst out of every.
I have to cut that one out. Do you have, um, do you see the movie The Mask? Yeah. Yeah. Do you have
somebody? Somebody stop me. That would be really good. That's a good, yeah. I will eat your ass.
Oh, this is amazing. You're not that guy. I'll trust me. You're not that guy.
What if this was like my M.A. Ultra like sleeper thing? Like I have to listen to all these and then I become
the world's greatest attack. You are the Winter Soldier. Stop it. Just choose one and end the episode.
Ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to another edition of Thunderdow.
Ha ha. Gotty. Ha ha. Gotty. Do you realize that I'm here last? Yeah. Okay.
Ha ha.
That was a hit-dum original.